>> Kyle Simpson: What questions came up
as a result of going through it with your
neighbor, anything?
>> Speaker 2: So we were having a back and
forth on line eight and nine about whether
foo got dealt with at compile time or
was left to the second phase.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, which,
the foo on line eight is the question?
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, so the foo on line
eight does get dealt with at compile time
from the perspective of needing
to store that metadata,
that it is in the LHS position.
But foo on line 8 is not
creating a variable entry,
it's not making a marble and putting it
in a bucket, that happened on line 7.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: So it's kinda both.
>> Kyle Simpson: What else?
>> Speaker 2: Is there a good way of
accessing that line one from line four and
a half?
>> Kyle Simpson: No, the only way to
access it is for a global variable you can
use the cheat that global variables
are properties of the global object.
Which is generally frowned upon, but
if you really needed to you could do that.
>> Speaker 2: So what's the best
practice if that's the case?
>> Kyle Simpson: Well
the best practice is,
don't shadow if you're
gonna need access to it.
>> Speaker 2: I'm sorry,
what was the question?
>> Kyle Simpson: The question is,
on line four and
a half is there any way to
access the foo from line one?
>> Speaker 2: The foo from line one, and
then line four, are those the same marble?
Or are they given marbles in
different scopes, right, yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: The foo from line 1
is a red marble in the red bucket,
the foo from line 4 is a blue
marble in the blue bucket.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's why
we call that shadowing.